Add Guido (#90)
tim-one/tim-one.github.io: psf/ban_qa.md

---
Brief replies to questions from a variety of sources, most recent first.

**2024-10-18 Fri 07:15p CDT**

**Q:** What does Guido think about all this?

**A:** While I spent years being his oracle, that's no longer my role. If he wants to be clear he'll need to speak for himself. Of course I know more, but in good conscience can only confirm the obvious: he hasn't said one public word in support of, or opposing, anyone's position in this.

> Which actually speaks volumes, but it's easy to misread what silence is saying. The most obvious reading is that he has no opinion. Since that's not credible here, the 2nd-most obvious is that he wants no public pzrt of it. That's closer.

Author: ```suggestion
Which actually speaks volumes, but it's easy to misread what silence is saying. The most obvious reading is that he has no opinion. Since that's not credible here, the second-most obvious is that he wants no public part of it. That's closer.
```
